.TH FABADMIN 1 06/14

.SH NAME
\fBfabadmin\fR \- command line tool to manage Fabric runtime components.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-s\fR [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-gaian\fR|\fB-distributed\fR] \fB-r\fR [\fB-n\fR \fBnode\fR]
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-s\fR [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-n\fR \fBnode\fR]
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-s\fR [\fB-d\fR] \fB-w\fR [\fB-n\fR \fBnode\fR]
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-st\fR [\fB-gaian\fR|\fB-distributed\fR] \fB-r\fR 
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-st\fR \fB-n\fR [\fB-n\fR \fBnode\fR]
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-st\fR \fB-w\fR
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-i\fR
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-status\fR
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-clean\fR [\fB-gaian\fR|\fB-distributed\fR] \fB-r\fR 
.P
\fBfabadmin\fR \fB-p\fR [\fBarguments\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBfabadmin\fR is an interface to the Fabric launcher tool, which manages the
lifecycle of the Fabric's runtime components including the node's OSGi
runtime, the Fabric Registry and the broker.
.PP
\fBNote:\fR this command should not be used for any runtime components
that are managed as system services.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-c\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--console\fR" 4
.PD
launch the Fabric OSGi runtime framework with the interactive console option.

.IP "\fB\-d\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--daemon\fR" 4
.PD
start a runtime component as a background process.

.IP "\fB\-s\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--start\fR" 4
.PD
start a Fabric runtime component.

.IP "\fB\-st\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--stop\fR" 4
.PD
stop a Fabric runtime component.

.IP "\fB\-clean\fR" 4
.PD
re-initialise a Fabric runtime component (currently only the Fabric Registry).

.IP "\fB\-i\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--interfaces\fR" 4
.PD
display the available network interfaces.

.IP "\fB\-status\fR" 4
.PD
show the status of Fabric runtime components.

.IP "\fB\-p\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--passthrough\fR" 4
.PD
invoke the Fabric launcher application directly. Command line arguments are
passed through as-is. Using the \fB\-p\fR option with no arguments will
display the launcher's usage help.

.IP "\fB\-r\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--registry\fR" 4
.PD
perform the specified action on the Fabric Registry.

.IP "\fB\-w\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--web\fR" 4
.PD
perform the specified action on the Fabric Web server.

.IP "\fB\-n\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--node\fR" 4
.PD
perform the specified action on the Fabric Manager (i.e. the Fabric node).

.SH "COPYRIGHT"

(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2008, 2016. All Rights Reserved.
