.TH FABREG 1 06/14

.SH NAME
\fBfabreg\fR \- command-line interface for Fabric Registry management functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
\fBfabreg\fR [\fB-B\fR|\fB-d\fR|\fB-g\fR|\fB-F\fR\fR|\fB-I\fR|\fB-N\fR|\fB-n\fR|\fB-P\fR|\fB-PT\fR|\fB-S\fR|\fB-ST|\fB-SU\fR|\fB-SV\fR|\fB-SY\fR|\fB-T\fR|\fB-t\fR|\fB-v\fR|\fB-W\fR]
.P
\fBfabreg\fR \fB-r file\fR
.P
\fBfabreg\fR \fB-sd name value\fR
.P
\fBfabreg\fR \fB-sn node name value\fR
.P
\fBfabreg\fR \fB-ud name\fR
.P
\fBfabreg\fR \fB-un node name\fR
.P

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBfabreg\fR allows a set of database operations (query, insert, update and delete)
to be run against the Fabric Registry. A number of pre-defined queries are provided
or alternatively raw SQL can be run from a file.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-B\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-neighbours\fR" 4
.PD
list node neighbours.

.IP "\fB\-d\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-default-config\fR" 4
.PD
list default configuration settings.

.IP "\fB\-g\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--gaian\fR" 4
.PD
make the selected query a distributed (global) query, sent to every node.
The query is made via the Gaian Database, and node provenance of each row
of the results will be included.

.IP "\fB\-F\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-fablets\fR" 4
.PD
List registered fablets.

.IP "\fB\-I\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-ip\fR" 4
.PD
list Node/IP mappings.

.IP "\fB\-N\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-nodes\fR" 4
.PD
list nodes.

.IP "\fB\-n\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-node-config\fR" 4
.PD
list node configuration settings.

.IP "\fB\-P\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-platforms\fR" 4
.PD
list platforms.

.IP "\fB\-PT\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-platform_types\fR" 4
.PD
list platform types.

.IP "\fB\-r file\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--run-sql file\fR" 4
.PD
run a file of SQL statements. The file must include the statements necessary to connect to, and disconnect from,
the Registry. For example:
.RS
.PP
-- Script start
.PP
CONNECT 'jdbc:derby://localhost:6414/FABRIC;create=false;user=fabric;password=fabric;';
.PP
-- Your statements here, e.g.:
.PP
SELECT * FROM NODES;
.PP
DISCONNECT;
.PP
EXIT;
.PP
-- Script end
.RE

.IP "\fB\-S\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-systems\fR" 4
.PD
list systems.

.IP "\fB\-sd name value\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--set-default-config name value\fR" 4
.PD
set a default configuration property.

.IP "\fB\-sn node name value\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--set-node-config node name value\fR" 4
.PD
set a node configuration property (will override default configuration properties
of the same name on the node).

.IP "\fB\-ST\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-service-types\fR" 4
.PD
list service types.

.IP "\fB\-SU\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-subscriptions\fR" 4
.PD
list active subscriptions.

.IP "\fB\-SV\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-services\fR" 4
.PD
list services.

.IP "\fB\-SY\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-system-types\fR" 4
.PD
list system types.

.IP "\fB\-T\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-task-services\fR" 4
.PD
list services associated with tasks.

.IP "\fB\-t\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-tables\fR" 4
.PD
list all tables in the database FABRIC.

.IP "\fB\-ud name\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--unset-default-config name\fR" 4
.PD
unset (delete) a default configuration property.

.IP "\fB\-un node name\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--unset-node-config node name\fR" 4
.PD
unset (delete) a node configuration property.

.IP "\fB\-v\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-views\fR" 4
.PD
list all views in the database FABRIC.

.IP "\fB\-W\fR" 4
.PD 0
.IP "\fB\--list-wiring\fR" 4
.PD
list service wiring.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"

(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2008, 2014. All Rights Reserved.
